WHAT
ARE THE REGULAR BUILDING BLOCKS
OF APPEALS MEETING FOR MARCH
20TH, 2025 CALL THE ORDER ROLL
CALL PLEASE BOARD MEMBER PAUL
DARLING BOARD MEMBER ROBERT
HARE BOARD MEMBER DAVID ARNDT
STAFF BOARD MEMBER HUGH FLACK
JR. YOUR BOARD MEMBER
KEVIN HOCK'S ABSENT STAFF LIKE
WHEN YOU HEAR MIKE REDMOND HERE
AND JULIA, HOW DO YOU HEAR WE
HAVE TO.
THANK YOU SO THE FIRST ITEM ON
THE AGENDA IS THE APPROVAL
MINUTES FROM THE FEBRUARY 20TH,
2005 MEETING.
DOES ANYONE HAVE COMMENTS ON
THESE MEN FOR THE PROMOTION
APPROVE NOT A MOVE TO APPROVE
THE SECOND I I FROM THE PART I
MOVED TO APPROVE THOSE IN FAVOR
I SHOULD THINK ABOUT AFTER THAT
.
>> WE HAVE ONE ITEM ON THE
AGENDA FOR THIS MONTH'S MEETING
.
THE APPLICANT IS HERE THE
RESUME IS THAT CORRECT?
ALL RIGHT.
AND THIS IS THE PROCESS WE WILL
FOLLOW IS WILL INTRODUCE THE
VARIOUS REQUESTS OR HOW THE
STAFF REPORT AND THEN WE'LL
GIVE THE APPLICANT AN
OPPORTUNITY TO PRESENT THEIR
APPEAL FOLLOWED BY A FOLLOW UP
TO THE STAFF REPORT STAFF IN
RESPONSE TO THAT IF NECESSARY
AND THEN THE BOARD CAN ASK THE
APPLICANT QUESTIONS ABOUT THEIR
VARIANCE REQUEST SO SO THE
FIRST ITEM ON THE AGENDA IS BVA
TWENTY FIVE 009 APPEAL FOR
TWENTY FIFTEEN CHESTER ROAD ANN
ARBOR, MICHIGAN AND WE HAVE A
STAFF REPORT
THE
PROPERTY AT
TWO ZERO ONE FIVE MANCHESTER IS
A GROUP E BUILDING PERMIT
APPLICATION WAS SUBMITTED
TWELVE SIXTEEN OF TWENTY FOUR
BUILDING PERMIT TWENTY FOUR
DASH ZERO SIX TWO TWO.
THE WORK WAS DESCRIBED AS
ALTERATIONS TO THE INTERIOR
BUILDING INCLUDING WALL
DEMOLITION TO PARTITION WALLS
CHANGE TO EXISTING MECHANIC AND
ELECTRICAL SYSTEMS.
THE PLAN REVIEW IT WAS NOTED
PER THE TWENTY TWENTY ONE
MICHIGAN PLUMBING CODE SECTION
FOUR HUNDRED THREE POINT THREE
POINT FOUR EXCEPTION TO THE
TOILET ROOMS IN A CHILD CARE
FACILITY CONTAINING TWO OR MORE
WATER CLOSETS SHALL BE
PERMITTED TO HAVE ONE WATER
CLOSET WITHOUT AN ENCLOSING
COMPARTMENT.
THE SUBMITTED PLANS SHOW NO
PROPOSED ENCLOSED COMPARTMENT
IN ANY OF THE WATER WATER
CLOSETS WITHIN THE BATHROOM
GROUP.
THE PLAN WAS REQUIRED TO BE
REVISED TO SHOW REQUIRED WATER
CLOSET ENCLOSURES OF THE 2021
MICHIGAN PLUMBING CODE .
THE APPLICANT IS INDICATED IN
ADDITION TO THE REQUESTED
VARIANCE TO ELIMINATE REQUIRED
TOILET COMPARTMENTS THERE ARE
ALSO SEEKING A VARIANCE TO
ELIMINATE THE REQUIRED GRAB
BARS.
THE LABORATORY WITHIN THE
TOILET ROOM AND SURROUNDING
TOILET ROOM WALLS SHELVING
INSTRUCTED TO HIDE OF 42
INCHES.
APPLICANT BELIEVES THE TRUE
INTENT OF THE CODE WAS NOT HAS
NOT TAKEN SMALL CHILDREN'S
NEEDS INTO CONSIDERATION AND
THESE VARIANCES SHOULD BE
ACCEPTED AT THIS LOCATION.
STAFF RECOMMENDS THAT THIS
APPLICATION BE DENIED.
IT DOESN'T MEET THE STANDARDS
FOR APPROVAL.
THE CODE HAS NOT BEEN
MISINTERPRETED.
THE PROVISIONS OF THE CODE DO
APPLY.
THE PROPOSED CONDITION DOES NOT
MEET THE MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS
OF SECTION FOUR OR FIVE POINT
THREE POINT FOUR EXCEPTION TO
OF THE TWENTY TWENTY ONE
MICHIGAN PLUMBING CODE SECTION
FOUR OR FIVE POINT THREE POINT
FOUR EXCEPTIONS TO STATES WATER
CLOSET COMPARTMENT EACH WATER
CLOSET AT LEAST BY THE PUBLIC
OR EMPLOYEES SHALL OCCUPY A
SEPARATE COMPARTMENT WITH WALLS
OR PARTITIONS AND A DOOR AND
CLOSING THE FIXTURE TO ENSURE
PRIVACY EXCEPTION TO TOILET
ROOMS LOCATED IN A CHILD IN
CHILD CARE DAYCARE FACILITIES
AND CONTAINING TWO OR MORE
WATER CLOSETS SHALL BE
PERMITTED TO HAVE ONE WATER
CLOSET WITHOUT AN ENCLOSED
COMPARTMENT.
THE PETITIONER STATES THAT WE
PROPOSE HALF WALLS WITH HALF
DOORS AND NO DOORS FOR
PRESCHOOL IN THE TOILET ROOMS
WITHIN THE CLASSROOMS.
WE SPECIFICALLY ARE REQUESTING
RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENT FOR
FULL HEIGHT WALLS AND PARTITION
WALLS AND DOORS WITHIN ALL
TOILET ROOMS IN THE CENTER WE
WE'RE ALSO ASKING FOR RELIEF
FROM THE REQUIREMENT OF PLACING
THE HANDWASH SINK WITHIN THE
TOILET ROOM.
A LARGE SINK IS PROVIDED
IMMEDIATELY OUTSIDE OF THE
TOILET ROOMS WHERE CHILDREN'S
HAND WASHING CAN BE SUPERVISED
BY A TEACHER.
RELIEF IS ALSO REQUESTED FOR
PLACEMENT OF GRAB BARS AROUND
THE TOILET.
THE VIRUS CANNOT BE REACHED OR
USED BY OUR VERY YOUNG CHILDREN
.
SO SECTION TWELVE TEN POINT
THREE POINT ONE EACH WATER
CLOSET UTILIZED BY THE PUBLIC
OR EMPLOYEES SHALL OCCUPY A
SEPARATE COMPARTMENT WITHIN THE
WALLS OR PARTITIONS IN A DOOR
AND CLOSING THE FIXTURE TO
ENSURE PRIVACY WATER CLOSET
COMPARTMENTS WITHOUT EXCEPTION
TO TOILET ROOM LOCATED CHILD
DAYCARE FACILITIES AND
CONTAINING TWO OR MORE WATER
CLOSETS SHALL BE PERMITTED TO
HAVE ONE WATER CLOSET WITHOUT
AN ENCLOSING COMPARTMENT FOR
THE LABORATORY REQUEST TO
PUBLIC LAVATORIES, AN EMPLOYEE
AND PUBLIC TOILET ROOMS.
THE REQUIRED LABORATORY SHALL
BE LOCATED IN THE SAME ROOM AS
THE REQUIRED WATER CLOSET
AND
THE EXCEPTION THE SECTION THAT
ADDRESSES THE GRAB BARS AT WHAT
IS SECTION SIX OR NINE POINT
FOUR POINT TWO ADD WATER
CLOSETS PRIMARILY FOR CHILDREN
CHILDREN TO USE COMPLYING WITH
SECTION SIX OF FOUR POINT ONE
POINT ONE GRAB BARS SHALL BE
INSTALLED IN A HORIZONTAL
POSITION EIGHTEEN INCHES
MINIMUM AND TWENTY SEVEN INCHES
MAXIMUM ABOVE THE FLOOR
MEASURED AT THE TOP OF THE
GRIPPING SURFACE VERTICAL GRAB
BARS SHALL BE MOUNTED TO THE
BOTTOM OF THE BAR LOCATED
BETWEEN 21 INCHES AND MAXIMUM A
MINIMUM AND 30 INCHES MAXIMUM
ABOVE THE FLOOR WITH THE
CENTERLINE OF THE BAR LOCATED
BETWEEN THIRTY FOUR INTO THE
MINIMUM 36 INCHES MAXIMUM FROM
THE REAR WALL.
THIS REQUEST DOESN'T MEET THE
REQUIREMENTS FOR APPROVAL AND
THE CODE CLEARLY STATES THE
REQUIREMENTS FOR THE RESTROOMS.
THE GRANDPAS AND THE LEFT
.
WE CAN JUST STATE YOUR NAME AND
YOUR CASE BRIEFLY.
YES.
CAN YOU HEAR ME?
OK, THANK YOU.
YES.
MY NAME IS GRETCHEN PRESTON.
OK, THANK YOU.
I'M THE OWNER AND OPERATOR
MY NAME IS GRETCHEN PRESTON.
OF GRETCHEN'S HOUSE CHILD CARE
I'M THE OWNER AND OPERATOR
CENTERS HERE IN ANN ARBOR HAVE
OF GRETCHEN'S HOUSE CHILD CARE
BEEN FOR FORTY TWO YEARS I I
CENTERS HERE IN ANN ARBOR HAVE
HAVE REDESIGNED PRE RENOVATED
BEEN FOR FORTY TWO YEARS I I
MANY MANY BUILDINGS FOR CHILD
HAVE REDESIGNED PRE RENOVATED
CARE USE OVER THE MY TIME AND
MANY MANY BUILDINGS FOR CHILD
WHAT ARE ASKING FOR HERE ARE
CARE USE OVER THE MY TIME AND
THINGS THAT ALREADY EXIST IN
WHAT ARE ASKING FOR HERE ARE
OUR OTHER CENTERS AND AS I HAVE
THINGS THAT ALREADY EXIST IN
SENT YOU SOME PICTURES, OTHER
OUR OTHER CENTERS AND AS I HAVE
CENTERS IN OTHER PARTS OF THE
SENT YOU SOME PICTURES, OTHER
COUNTRY, IT'S UNFORTUNATE THAT
CENTERS IN OTHER PARTS OF THE
OUR BUILDING CODES DON'T
COUNTRY, IT'S UNFORTUNATE THAT
USUALLY SPEAK TO VERY, VERY
OUR BUILDING CODES DON'T
YOUNG CHILDREN.
USUALLY SPEAK TO VERY, VERY
IT'S A FRUSTRATION THAT I HAVE
YOUNG CHILDREN.
AND MY TEACHERS HAVE WHEN
IT'S A FRUSTRATION THAT I HAVE
THEY'RE DEALING WITH THESE VERY
AND MY TEACHERS HAVE WHEN
YOUNG CHILDREN AND THEIR THEIR
THEY'RE DEALING WITH THESE VERY
NEEDS.
YOUNG CHILDREN AND THEIR THEIR
I WANT TO MAKE SURE I'M
NEEDS.
UNDERSTANDING YOU CORRECTLY,
I WANT TO MAKE SURE I'M
MIKE.
UNDERSTANDING YOU CORRECTLY,
>> SO WHAT WE'RE ASKING FOR IS
MIKE.
RELIEF FROM FULL HEIGHT WALLS.
>> SO WHAT WE'RE ASKING FOR IS
BUT AS I READ THE CODE IT LOOKS
RELIEF FROM FULL HEIGHT WALLS.
LIKE WE DON'T HAVE TO HAVE FULL
BUT AS I READ THE CODE IT LOOKS
HEIGHT.
LIKE WE DON'T HAVE TO HAVE FULL
THEY HAVE TO BE FORTY EIGHT
HEIGHT.
INCHES IS THAT TRUE?
THEY HAVE TO BE FORTY EIGHT
I DON'T RECALL A SPECIFIC
INCHES IS THAT TRUE?
HEIGHT FOR THE WALLS.
I DON'T RECALL A SPECIFIC
WELL I WAS READING IN AND YOU
HEIGHT FOR THE WALLS.
YOU'RE MUCH MORE WELL VERSED IN
WELL I WAS READING IN AND YOU
THIS THAN I AM BUT IT SAYS
YOU'RE MUCH MORE WELL VERSED IN
SPECIFICALLY FORTY EIGHT INCHES
THIS THAN I AM BUT IT SAYS
IN ONE OF THE SECTIONS.
SPECIFICALLY FORTY EIGHT INCHES
SO IF THAT IS THE HEIGHT THAT
IN ONE OF THE SECTIONS.
WE NEED TO HAVE WE CAN MAKE
SO IF THAT IS THE HEIGHT THAT
THAT WORK BECAUSE TEACHERS CAN
WE NEED TO HAVE WE CAN MAKE
SEE OVER THAT HEIGHT WALL THAT
THAT WORK BECAUSE TEACHERS CAN
WOULD BE FINE
HAD IT A MINUTE
AGO WALLS IT'S PAGE ELEVEN I
THINK MINIMUM HEIGHT OF NOT
LESS THAN FOUR FEET TWELVE TEN
POINT TWO POINT TWO
.
I THINK THAT JUST REFERS TO THE
HEIGHT WHERE A NON-POROUS
SURFACE NEEDS TO BE USED WHICH
IS INTERESTING.
YEAH, I HATE THAT LESS THAN
FOUR FEET ABOVE THE FLOOR
EXCEPT FOR THE STRUCTURAL
ELEMENTS MATERIALS USED IN SUCH
WALLS.
YEAH.
SO THIS IS THAT THAT PART IS
JUST TALKING ABOUT WHERE THE
NON-POROUS SURFACES ARE QUITE
OK.
SO BASICALLY WHEN WE HAVE
LITTLE CHILDREN WITH THIS ALL
DAY THESE ARE CHILDREN FOUR
YEARS OLD AND UNDER MANY OF YOU
HAVE EXPERIENCE WITH VERY YOUNG
CHILDREN.
THE TOILETS THAT WE USE ARE TEN
INCHES OFF THE FLOOR TEN
INCHES.
>> SO IT'S NOT VERY TALL.
THEY CAN EASILY USE THOSE
TOILETS THEMSELVES, WHICH IS
ONE OF THE THINGS THAT WE'RE
TRYING TO HELP THEM DO.
OBVIOUSLY IS BECOME
SELF-SUFFICIENT AND BUT THEY
OFTEN NEED HELP SO WE NEED TO
HAVE A TOILET FACILITY THAT
TEACHERS CAN EASILY HELP THESE
CHILDREN WITH AND IF THEY CAN'T
SEE INTO THE TOILET ROOM IT
BECOMES A SAFETY CONCERN FOR US
ALSO WE HAVE LARGE TRUCK THINGS
OUTSIDE EACH OF OUR BATHROOMS
AND ALL OF OUR ROOMS AND WE DO
THAT ON PURPOSE BECAUSE ANOTHER
PART OF OUR LEARNING AT THIS
AGE IS HOW TO WASH YOUR HANDS
AND WE WANT TO MAKE SURE THAT
CHILDREN DO WASH THEIR HANDS
AND IT'S MUCH EASIER FOR US TO
HELP THEM WHEN IT'S RIGHT
OUTSIDE THE BATHROOM THERE'S A
LARGER SINK AND MORE ROOM FOR
EVERYONE TO WORK.
>> I GUESS THOSE ARE THE MAIN
THINGS THAT WE'RE ASKING FOR IN
THE PRESCHOOL ROOM.
>> WE DON'T LIKE TO HAVE A
DOOR.
WE JUST LIKE TO HAVE AN ENTRY
INTO THE BATHROOM BECAUSE THEN
CHILDREN HAVE FREER ACCESS TO
TOILETS AND THEY OFTEN NEED
THAT QUICKLY AT THAT AGE IN THE
INFANTS ROOMS WE HAVE ONE
TOILET IN A CHANGING TABLE THAT
HAS A SINK ATTACHED TO IT.
>> AS YOU CAN SEE.
SO AT THIS AGE VERY FEW
CHILDREN ARE ACTUALLY USING THE
TOILET.
WE WISH OTHERWISE BUT THAT'S
THE NATURE OF TODDLERS AND
CERTAINLY INFANTS CAN'T EVEN
STAND AT THE SINK.
WE WE HOLD THE CHILDREN UP TO
THE SINK THAT IS THERE WHERE WE
DO THE DIAPER CHANGES FOR THEM
TO WASH THEIR HANDS.
DOES THAT GIVE YOU A LITTLE
MORE INSIGHT INTO HOW WE WORK
WITH THESE YOUNG CHILDREN IN
THESE TOILET ROOMS
?
>> THE QUESTIONS FROM THE BOARD
SO I JUST WANT TO LIKE JUST TO
CLARIFY THERE ARE THREE
BATHROOMS IN THIS FACILITY THAT
ARE FOR CHILD USE ONLY THAT'S
CORRECT.
OK, AND YOU HAVE BATHROOMS, THE
REQUIRED BATHROOMS FOR ADULTS
AND OTHER LOCATIONS.
>> OH YES.
OK AND ADA ACCESSIBLE.
YES.
AND
THE VARIANCE THAT'S
REQUESTED IS ACTUALLY FOR FOUR
THINGS THAT THERE BE NO GRAB
BARS IN ANY OF THOSE TOILETS,
THAT THERE BE NO TOILET
COMPARTMENTS WHERE THERE'S MORE
THAN ONE TOILET THAT THERE ARE
NO LAVATORIES WITHIN THE TOILET
ROOMS AND THAT THE ENCLOSED
FOUR WALLS AROUND THE BATHROOM
ENCLOSURE'S BE 42 INCHES HIGH
AND PREFERABLY WITHOUT DOORS.
WE DO PUT DOORS IN THE
INFANTILE ROOMS BECAUSE IT'S A
SAFETY ISSUE FOR THOSE
CHILDREN.
WE DON'T WANT THEM IN THERE
UNLESS THEY ARE BEING
SUPERVISED.
>> OK, BECAUSE YOU'RE IN THE
PRESCHOOL THOUGH YOU'RE THE
BECAUSE OF THE PLANS THAT SHOW
I THINK IT'S 109 AND 113 DON'T
SHOW ANY DOORS UNDER THE
VARIANCE REQUESTED.
WELL, THERE WOULD BE A DOOR IN
THE INFANT TODDLER ROOMS.
THERE WOULD BE A DOOR THAT'S AN
ERROR ON OUR PART.
SO THE PROPOSAL THEN WOULD BE
IN THE UNDER THE VARIANCE
REQUIRED DIAGRAMS THERE WOULD
BE A DOOR ON ONE THIRTEEN AND
ALSO ON ONE 08.
>> YES.
THAT SO MANY NUMBERS TO KEEP.
ONE THIRTEEN AND ONE OH WAIT.
>> YES.
THAT'S CORRECT.
ONE THIRTEEN AND ONE OH WAIT.
OK AND THEN ONE MORE
THAT'S CORRECT.
CLARIFICATION CLARIFY IN
OK AND THEN ONE MORE
QUESTION.
CLARIFICATION CLARIFY IN
SO AGAIN UNDER ONE TWO EIGHT I
QUESTION.
GUESS IT'S ONE I'M SORRY IT'S
SO AGAIN UNDER ONE TWO EIGHT I
I'M HAVING TROUBLE HERE TOO.
GUESS IT'S ONE I'M SORRY IT'S
YEAH ONE THIRTEEN ONE THIRTEEN
I'M HAVING TROUBLE HERE TOO.
IS A TODDLER ROOM AND WOULD
YEAH ONE THIRTEEN ONE THIRTEEN
HAVE A DOOR ON IT.
IS A TODDLER ROOM AND WOULD
YES THAT'S CORRECT AND ONE OH
HAVE A DOOR ON IT.
NINE IS A TODDLER ROOM AND
YES THAT'S CORRECT AND ONE OH
WOULD HAVE A DOOR ON IT.
NINE IS A TODDLER ROOM AND
>> YES THAT'S CORRECT.
WOULD HAVE A DOOR ON IT.
OK SO FOR THOSE TWO ROOMS AS
>> YES THAT'S CORRECT.
WELL YOU'RE SHOWING A DIAPER
OK SO FOR THOSE TWO ROOMS AS
CHANGING STATION IN THERE.
WELL YOU'RE SHOWING A DIAPER
>> YES THAT'S RIGHT.
CHANGING STATION IN THERE.
BUT IT HAS A SINK.
>> YES THAT'S RIGHT.
IT DOES.
BUT IT HAS A SINK.
SO THIS IS A SPECIAL UNIT.
IT DOES.
>> IT COMES WITH A SINK SO THAT
SO THIS IS A SPECIAL UNIT.
SINK COULD SUFFICE AS A
>> IT COMES WITH A SINK SO THAT
HANDWASHING STATION COULDN'T IT
SINK COULD SUFFICE AS A
IN IT DOES.
HANDWASHING STATION COULDN'T IT
>> IT DOES.
IN IT DOES.
IT DOES.
>> IT DOES.
YES.
IT DOES.
OK, SO THE THE REQUEST FOR NOT
YES.
HAVING A LAVATORY IN THESE THAT
OK, SO THE THE REQUEST FOR NOT
DIRECTLY INSIDE THESE BATHROOMS
HAVING A LAVATORY IN THESE THAT
DOESN'T APPLY TO THOSE TWO
DIRECTLY INSIDE THESE BATHROOMS
PARTICULAR TODDLER ROOMS AND AS
DOESN'T APPLY TO THOSE TWO
LONG AS THAT SINK IS MEETING
PARTICULAR TODDLER ROOMS AND AS
THE REQUIREMENT THAT MAKES
LONG AS THAT SINK IS MEETING
DEPARTMENT IS ASKING FOR.
THE REQUIREMENT THAT MAKES
YES, THAT'S RIGHT.
DEPARTMENT IS ASKING FOR.
OK, AND THIS IS JUST A SMALL
DETAIL BUT IS THERE ANY REASON
WHY THAT COUNTER DOESN'T GO ALL
THE WAY TO THE WALL?
>> OH, IT CAN BE BY A PREMADE
STATION.
IT IT COMES FROM A MANUFACTURER
AND SO THAT PARTICULAR WALL IS
JUST A LITTLE BIT LONGER.
OK, TO MEET THE FIVE FOOT
CIRCLE.
>> CAN YOU SPEAK MORE ABOUT THE
GRAB BOXES?
THE BILLING DEPARTMENT IS
COMMENTARY JUST TALKED ABOUT
THE GRAND JURY BEING LOWER AND
BIG VERTICAL BARS SO YOU'RE
GOING TO HAVE A GRAND BARGAIN
THAT COMPLY.
>> YOU'RE NOT GOING TO USE,
RIGHT?
I MEAN OUR OUR CHILDREN NEED
HELP IN THAT USING THE TOILET
AND THEY DON'T USE THE GRAB
BARS.
I HAVE THEM AND A COUPLE OF MY
SPACES AND THEY'RE NEVER USED.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO SAY EXCEPT
THAT THEY'RE NEVER USE THE
TOILETS ARE SO LOW THAT THE
CHILDREN DON'T NEED THEM.
THAT MAY BE THE CASE BUT I I
THINK THE ADA REQUIRES GRANDPA
IN ALL TOILET ROOMS IN ALL
TOILET ROOMS INCLUDING AGES
STARTING AS YOUNG AS THREE
THERE ARE DIFFERENT HEIGHTS
THAN NORMAL ADA REQUIREMENTS
BUT I'M PRETTY SURE THAT IT WAS
A REQUIRED EVEN FOR VERY SMALL
CHILDREN.
WOULD THEY BE REQUIRED FOR
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF THREE
?
>> IT DOESN'T MENTION UNDER THE
AGES OF THREE SO BY DEFAULT I
WOULD SAY NOT BUT WELL WE DO
SOME THINGS THAT YOU KNOW WE
DON'T USE SOMETIMES BECAUSE IT
DOES MEET THE REQUIREMENT
OF THE LAW.
THE LAW IS THAT PERFECT.
SO IF WE CANNOT PUT THEM IN THE
INFANT ROOMS THAT WOULD BE FINE
AND THEN IF WE NEED TO PUT THEM
FOR THE PRESCHOOLERS WE CAN PUT
THEM THERE.
>> COULD YOU GO THERE AND USE
THEM?
>> COULD YOU WHAT ARE THE SO
WHAT THE AGE GROUPS FOR THESE
THESE BATHROOMS BECAUSE THEY'RE
JUST LABELED AS EITHER
PRESCHOOL OR TODDLER.
>> SURE.
CHILDREN TWO YEARS AND NINE
MONTHS ARE IN THE INFANT AND
TODDLER ROOMS TWO YEARS AND
NINE MONTHS AND YOUNGER SO
THREE MONTHS TO TWO YEARS, NINE
MONTHS IN THOSE ROOMS AND THEN
IN THE PRESCHOOL ROOM IT WOULD
BE CHILDREN TWO YEARS, NINE
MONTHS UP TO AGE FOUR
AND THE
REASON I'M USING THOSE THAT AGE
SPECIFICATION IS THAT THE
LICENSING RULES CHANGE FOR
RATIO AND GROUP SIZE AT THAT
AGE AND FOR THE PRESCHOOL
BATHROOM YOU NEED TWO TOILETS
BECAUSE OF THE POPULATION COUNT
.
THAT'S RIGHT.
MY LICENSING REQUIREMENTS ARE
ONE TOILET FOR EVERY FIFTEEN
CHILDREN OR TWO FOR EVERY FOUR
EVERY TEN ONE MORE FOR EVERY
TEN AFTER THAT
.
>> IT'S UNFORTUNATE THAT
LICENSING RULES CHILD CARE
LICENSING RULES DON'T ALWAYS
AGREE WITH SOME OF THE BUILDING
CODE WHICH I'M SURE YOU'RE USED
TO THAT HAPPENING IN LOTS
OF SITUATIONS SO FOR EXAMPLE
WITH THE CHILDREN TWO YEARS,
NINE MONTHS AND YOUNGER I'M
REQUIRED TO HAVE ONE HUNDRED
PERCENT VISUAL SUPERVISION AT
ALL TIMES SO YOU CAN SEE WHY
HAVING FOUR WALLS ANYWHERE IN
THAT ROOM ARE A PROBLEM FOR ME
IT'S A REAL SAFETY HAZARD.
>> SO FOR THE BUILDING
DEPARTMENT QUESTION
HOW DO THEY
HANDLE VENTILATION IF THE WALLS
AREN'T FULL HEIGHT?
I THINK THE WALLS SHOULD BE
FULL HEIGHT ACCORDING TO CODE .
SO I DON'T KNOW HOW THERE WOULD
BE ADDRESSED IF YOU DON'T HAVE
A FULL WALL.
SO IF THE WALLS ARE FULL HEIGHT
THEN YOU WOULD HAVE TO HAVE A
TEACHER GO INTO THE BATHROOM.
THE COMPANY EACH CHILD THAT
USES THE WASHROOM BECAUSE YOU
NEED SUPERVISION AT TWENTY FOUR
SOME OR THE WHOLE TIME.
ABSOLUTELY IT COULD BE A GLASS
PARTITION OR SOMETHING YOU SEE
THROUGH BUT YOU CAN'T YOU KNOW
CAN'T CONTAIN THE VENTILATION.
WE DO HAVE CEILING FANS ABOVE
ALL CHILD BATHROOMS OF ALL
THOSE CHANGING STATIONS AND THE
PRESCHOOL TOILET ROOMS HAVE A
EVENT ABOVE THEM WORKS GREAT OK
YOU HAVE SEEN THIS BEFORE SO
I'M NOT VERY FAMILIAR WITH ALL
THE REQUIREMENTS WE'RE GOING TO
LOOK TO GET AROUND IT AS FAR AS
THE STAFFING ISSUE, IS IT A
BIBLICAL ISSUE?
YOU KNOW, HOW IS IT MANAGED?
I GUESS ONE OF MY QUESTIONS
WOULD BE WHAT IS THE INTENT
OF THE BUILDING CODE ?
IT TALKS ABOUT PRIVACY QUITE
FREQUENTLY THROUGHOUT BUT FOR
THESE VERY YOUNG CHILDREN
PRIVACY IS NOT THEIR ISSUE.
SO I BELIEVE THAT THAT'S WHY
THE CODE STATES THAT IF YOU
HAVE TWO IN A ROOM THERE'S ONE
ABLE TO NOT BE ENCLOSED.
I THINK THAT THE CODES WRITTEN
SPECIFICALLY FOR THOSE
SITUATIONS AND IT STARTS THAT
WITH POOR CHILD DAYCARE
FACILITIES
YOU CAN SEE ON SOME
OF THE PICTURES THAT I SAID YOU
WHAT CHILD CARE CENTERS HAVE
TRADITIONALLY DONE IS THEY PUT
UP IN ONE OF THEM IS FROM ONE
OF MY OWN CENTERS.
>> THERE'S A A WALL BETWEEN TWO
TOILETS SOMETIMES IT'S A HALF
WALL.
SOMETIMES IT'S A FULL WALL SO
THAT BETWEEN THE TOILETS
THERE'S THERE'S PRIVACY BUT THE
TEACHERS CAN SEE
YOU.
THE QUESTIONS ARE COMING FROM
STAFF OR I MEAN HOW WOULD IT
WOULD IT BE ACCEPTABLE TO PUT
GLASS ABOVE THE LET'S SAY THE
FORTY EIGHT INCH LINE ON THE
WALLS TO TO ACHIEVE MORE OF AN
ENCLOSURE, A LITTLE MORE
PRIVACY BUT STILL MAINTAIN A
VISUAL CONNECTIVITY?
>> I'M CONCERNED ABOUT BEING
ABLE TO HERE AS WELL,
ESPECIALLY WITH THESE CHILDREN
UNDER THE AGE OF TWO YEARS,
NINE MONTHS.
YOU KNOW, HAVING IT'S LIKE
HAVING A CLOSET IN A ROOM THAT
YOU KNOW IT'S WORRISOME.
THAT'S WHY WE DON'T HAVE LARGE
CLOSETS IN ROOMS BECAUSE
CHILDREN YOU KNOW, THEY'RE
SMART AND WE WE DON'T WANT A
CHILD TO GET INTO A SPACE THAT
WE CAN'T SEE.
IT'S IT'S VERY WORRISOME AND IF
WE TAKE A TEACHER AWAY FROM THE
GROUP FOR ONE CHILD NOW WE HAVE
ONE TEACHER LEFT WITH SEVEN
CHILDREN AND I'M NOT ALLOWED TO
DO THAT.
I HAVE I HAVE TO HAVE THE
VISUAL AND THE ABILITY TO
SUPERVISE WITH THE TWO TEACHERS
IN THOSE ROOMS
.
>> SO I GUESS THIS IS SOMETHING
THAT COULD BE WHY THIS IS THIS
SOMETHING THAT COULD BE
ADDRESSED ADDRESSED THROUGH
STAFFING AND ALTERATIONS TO THE
BUILDING
CODE COULD YOU SAY
MORE ABOUT THAT, MIKE?
>> I'M JUST SAYING IS IT IS IT
POSSIBLE IF THERE WAS ANOTHER
PERSON, ANOTHER ADULT IN THAT
ROOM THAT THEN IT WOULD BE
REASONABLE TO HAVE SOMEBODY
WATCHING THE STUDENTS AND ANY
CHILD THAT MIGHT BE IN THE
RESTROOM?
WELL, NOW WE'RE TALKING ABOUT
LABOR COSTS AND YOU ALL HAVE
HEARD AD NAUSEUM THE COST EARLY
CHILDHOOD PROGRAMS AND I GUESS
YOU KNOW, I I UNDERSTAND THE
REASON FOR MOST ALL OF THE
BUILDING CODES THAT WE ADHERE
TO THIS PARTICULAR ONE IF IT'S
FOR THE PURPOSE OF PRIVACY, IT
DOES IT THAT IS NOT SOMETHING
THAT CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE
OF FOUR NEED.
THEY HAVE A GREATER NEED FOR
SAFETY AND OUR SUPERVISION.
I I THINK THAT'S WHERE I'M
GETTING STUCK HERE.
YOU KNOW, PRIVACY IS NOT AN
ISSUE WITH THESE LITTLE ONES.
THE LAWS STATE SO EXPLICITLY WE
HAVE TO HAVE ONE HUNDRED
PERCENT SUPERVISION SITE IN
SOUND AT ALL TIMES
.
>> DO THE COMMENTARY TALK TO
THAT AND PROBABLY NOT FOR
CHILDREN.
I MEAN NOT REALLY OTHER THAN
YOU KNOW JUST STATING THAT WHEN
YOU KNOW JUST GOING OVER WHEN
THERE'S TWO THAT HAVING THE ONE
WITHOUT THE ENCLOSURE ALLOWS
FOR ASSISTANCE OR WHATEVER IS
REQUIRED IN THAT AREA
.
THE COMMENTS QUESTIONS
WITH THE
GRABOIS IN 88 YOU ARE BUILDING
BEAR TREES.
>> YOU I DON'T KNOW HOW WE GET
READY FOR THAT.
THAT WAS BEYOND OUR OUR
JURISDICTION FOR THAT
THE GRAB
BARS ARE SOMETHING THAT DON'T
AFFECT OUR SUPERVISION.
SO YOU KNOW, IF WE NEED TO PUT
A MAN WE'LL PUT THEM IN AND
THEY DON'T GET USED THEN I
GUESS THEY DON'T GET USE.
I'M MUCH MORE CONCERNED ABOUT
THE SUPERVISION ISSUES HERE AND
IT'S INTERESTING THAT OTHER
BATHROOMS THAT I SEE IN OTHER
PLACES AND IN MY OWN CENTERS
DON'T HAVE, YOU KNOW, FULL
HEIGHT WALLS AROUND THEM SO I
GUESS I'M JUST CONFUSED IF
SOMETHING CHANGED IN THE IN THE
BUILDING CODE AND WHY THE
LICENSING DOESN'T AGREE WITH
THE BUILDING HAPPENS ALL THE
TIME.
COORDINATE YEAH.
JUST A LITTLE CODE OF QUESTIONS
TO THE ICC AGE GROUPS
.
>> WHO ELSE HAS TO GO IN
APPROVE YOUR FACILITY?
I'M JUST CURIOUS I MEAN IS
THERE AN INSPECTION BY ANOTHER
ORGANIZATION THAT THEN ALLOWS
YOU TO ACCEPT CHILDREN?
I THINK EVERYBODY EXCEPT THE
PRESIDENT OR THE MAYOR COME
INTO OUR FACILITY, GIVE ME SORT
OF PRO WE HAVE TO HAVE STATE
FIRE INSPECTORS.
WE HAVE STATE LICENSING
CONSULTANTS THAT COME THROUGH.
THERE'S A HEALTH ENVIRONMENTAL
PEOPLE THAT COME THROUGH OR SEE
WHO ELSE HAVE I MISSED?
WE ARE INSPECTED THOROUGHLY
THE
ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH AND PEOPLE
HAVE NEVER SAID A THING ABOUT
THE BATHROOMS THAT WE HAVE THAT
ARE HAVE WALLS AT THIS POINT.
SO
WE ARE GOING TO HAVE DOORS
ON THEM.
>> WHAT KIND OF DOORS ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT IF YOU'RE MIGHT
DO OR WHAT KIND OF DOOR ARE YOU
TALKING LIKE A GATE.
IT'S LIKE A GATE.
YES THAT'S THAT'S RIGHT.
IT'S A HALF PIPE.
>> IT WOULD BE THE SAME HEIGHT
AS THE WALL.
>> IT'S A GATE THAT HAS A LATCH
THAT CHILDREN CAN OPEN AND
BELIEVE ME WE'VE HAD TO LOOK
FOR THOSE IN ABRAHAMSEN NOTHING
BUT THE SMARTEST CHILDREN
SWINGERS WE INTEREST-FREE OUT
USUALLY THEY SWING OUT BECAUSE
OF THE ADA
AND WHAT IS THE RAW
MATERIALS KIND OF SHOWING IT'S
A BLUE LIKE A TILE OR IS THAT A
PANELING OR WHAT IS
DEMATERIALIZED NON-POROUS.
WE'VE USED DIFFERENT SORTS
OF MATERIALS AND WE CAN USE
WHATEVER WOULD BE REQUIRED.
DRYWALL IS WHAT WE HAVE IN MANY
OF THEM SOME I HAVE SHIP LAUGH
OR LIKE PANELING ON THE OUTSIDE
BECAUSE IT'S ATTRACTIVE.
>> THE INSIDE IS USUALLY EITHER
TILE OR DRYWALL.
YOU THE ONE WELL ACTUALLY TWO
OF THE PHOTOS HAVE DRYWALL IN
THESE TOILET ROOMS FROM ACTUAL
BATHROOMS.
THE BROWN THAT'S A REALLY GOOD
QUESTION.
THAT'S PROBABLY A PANELING I'M
TRYING TO REMEMBER THAT SENATOR
HAS BEEN AROUND A WHILE THE
REQUIRES NON-POROUS SAME KIND
OF THING SO THE SHIP WOULD BE A
QUESTION THERE DEPENDING THE
FINISH BUT IT'S A LAMINATE OR
SOMETHING.
YOU COULD BE NON-POROUS
YOU NOT
ASKING VERY VERY HOUSE OR
WHATEVER IT IS WILL COMPLY WITH
NO
.
I ALSO THINK THAT VERY FEW
CHILD CARE CENTERS ARE BEING
BUILT OR RENOVATED SO THAT YOU
KNOW, IT'S NOT SOMETHING THAT
YOU COME ACROSS ALL THE TIME
.
THIS IS AN EXISTING FACILITY
BEING RENOVATED.
IS THIS WHOLE NEW WHAT IS THIS
THIS WAS SUMMER HILL SCHOOL AND
THEN TWENTY YEARS AGO THEN IT
WAS AN OFFICE BUILDING AND NOW
I'M RENOVATING IT BACK FOR
CHILD USE.
>> OK, ARE CHANGING USE AND
REMAINING USE IN EDUCATION TO A
CHILD IS BUSINESS THE
CHANGE
AND USE IT'S BUSINESS TO
BUSINESS OR
IF YOU'RE WORKING
ON EMOTION ABOUT THE CHALLENGE
YOU WANT IT DOESN'T FIT NEATLY
INTO TEMPLATE INTO THE
TEMPLATE.
YEAH
LET ME PUT TOO MUCH INTO
UNFILED TYLER ROOMA WHEN I'M AT
HOME OR THEY ALL I KNOW WANT TO
AVOID THAT AREA.
WE DIDN'T HAVE TO HAND IN
ASPECT WAS GOING TO MAKE
WE
WOULD APPEAR THE THE BARS WOULD
BE ACCEPTABLE.
WE GOT DOORS IN THE OLDER ROOM
BUT NOT THE YOUNGER ROOM AND
THE SINKS OUTSIDE INSIDE WITH
THE TODDLER AND THE CHANGING
ROOM YOU DO HAVE THINGS INSIDE
WHICH MIGHT FLY WELL MORE MORE
DISCUSSION I GUESS WE DISCUSS
THEM ON BOARD IS TRUE FOR YOU
IS YOUR MOTION.
I MEAN I CAN FLOAT A MOTION AND
SEE IF IT PASSES MUSTER.
OK, I MOVE THAT IN THE CASE
OF BVA TWENTY FIVE ZERO ZERO
ZERO NINE THE APPEAL OF THE
BUILDING OFFICIALS DECISION
THAT 2001 MANCHESTER ROAD IS
GRANTED ONLY PARTIAL RELIEF
FROM S.P. TWELVE TEN POINT
THREE POINT ONE FOUR OR FIVE
POINT THREE POINT TWO THE
TWENTY TWENTY ONE MICHIGAN
PLANNING CODE AND ELEVEN OH
NINE POINT TWO EXCEPTIONS SEVEN
OF THE 2015 MICHIGAN BUILDING
CODE AS FOLLOWS THE 2015
MICHIGAN BUILDING
CODE IN SECTION ELEVEN HUNDRED
NINE POINT TWO EXCEPTIONS SEVEN
INSTALLATION OF BARS IN THE
TOILET AREA ARE REQUIRED AND
HAS BEEN CORRECTLY INTERPRETED
BY THE BUILDING OFFICIAL.
THE 2000 2001 MICHIGAN BUILDING
CODE SECTION P. TWELVE POINT
THREE POINT ONE QUARTER AND
FOUR OR FIVE POINT THREE POINT
TWO THE REQUIREMENT FOR WATER
CLOSET ENCLOSURES AND A
LAVATORY WITHIN THE TOILET ROOM
DOES APPLY TO THE CHILDREN'S
AREA TOILET ROOMS AT 2015
MANCHESTER THE MOTION INCLUDES
THE FOLLOWING CLARIFICATIONS
AND STIPULATIONS.
>> THE TOILETS SHALL INCLUDE
CRAB BARS AS REQUIRED AND
ADVISED BY THE ADA WASH THINKS
SHALL BE INSIDE TOILETS.
THAT IS ACCEPTABLE TO COMBINE
HANDWASH SINKS WITH DIAPER
CHANGING SINKS IS ALLOWED BY
THE MICHIGAN DAYCARE CENTER
REGULATIONS.
IT IS ACCEPTABLE TO HAVE LOW
ENCLOSURE WALLS TO MEET 48 INCH
HIGH HEIGHTS TO MEET PLUMBING
CODE PROVISIONS FOR FINISHES
TOILET ROOM DOORS MAY BE FORTY
EIGHT INCHES HIGH BUT ARE
REQUIRED IN ANY TOILET ROOM
WITH TWO OR MORE TOILETS SHALL
HAVE ONLY ONE ON ENCLOSED
TOILETS TOILET AND OTHER
LOCATIONS PRIVACY PARTITIONS
MAYBE FORTY EIGHT INCHES HIGH
AND WITHOUT DOORS
SO ALL
OF YOUR PROVISIONS REQUIRE THE
GRAB BARS IS GRANTING SOMETHING
ELSE IS THE INTENT OR DOES NOT
GET INTENT.
THE INTENT IS TO KEEP THE GRAB
BARS AND THE INTENT IS TO KEEP
THE SINKS INSIDE THE TOILET
ROOM ENCLOSURES THE INTENT IS
TO INTERPRET THE CODE THAT
OF THE ENCLOSURE WALLS CAN BE
LOW TO REALLY 22 INCHES, 48
INCHES SO THAT THEY MAKE THE
FINISHED REQUIREMENTS AND IN
PLACES THAT THERE ARE MORE THAN
ONE TOILET THE ONE THAT SHOULD
BE COMPLETELY ENCLOSED IS
ESSENTIALLY ONLY PARTIALLY
ENCLOSED BUT STILL HAS SOME
FORM OF PRIVACY TO ALLOW
OBVIOUSLY WOULD BE REALLY A
VIRTUE ALLOWING FOR AID ONCE
THIS IS THE CONTENT OF IT.
IF THE WITH WITH THEIR GAINING
AN ADVANTAGE IS EITHER THE
PARTITION WALL AND ENCLOSURE
WALLS AND GATES CAN BE YES I
READ I READ THE INTENT OF THE
CODE THAT THE MORE IMPORTANT
THINGS TO MAKE SURE THAT THERE
ARE CLEAN NON ABSORBENT
FINISHES UP TO 48 INCHES NOT
ALL THE WAY TO THE CEILING AND
I MEAN THE VENTILATION PART
OF IT IS IF THEY CAN IF THEY
CAN FIGURE THAT
PERFORMANCE-BASED THEY CAN
FIGURE THAT QUESTIONS ABOUT THE
VARIOUS NARRATIVE.
IS THERE ANY CLARIFICATION
NEEDED BETWEEN THE TYPES
OF RESTROOMS LIKE WHERE THEY'RE
LOCATED SO THAT WERE SPECIFIC
TO I JUST DON'T IF IF WE WRITE
IT OPENLY ENOUGH I DON'T WANT
IT TO APPLY TO THE ENTIRE
BUILDING.
SO JUST FOR THE WAR ROOMS,
THOSE FOUR ROOMS.
SO SO THE MOTION IS AMENDED TO
PERTAIN ONLY TO THE TOILET
ROOMS USED BY CHILDREN,
PRESCHOOL TODDLERS, ASSEMBLY
FOUR YEARS AND YOUNGER FOUR
YEARS AND YOUNGER
IS NOW SECOND
AND YOU HAD THE WRITTEN DOWN
BOB SO YOU CAN TURN THAT IN THE
WHOLE NIGHT OF THE YOU OUGHT TO
FINISH WRITING IT DOWN BEFORE
WE GO BUT I PROBABLY HAVE TO
REWRITE THIS.
YEAH.
SECOND MOTION IN THE SECOND.
SO LET ME I JUST WANT TO MAKE
SURE I GOT THIS SO THE
PROVISION WHAT'S BEING ADDED IS
THE PROVISIONS APPLY ONLY TO
THE TOILET ROOMS THAT SERVE
CHILDREN IN FOUR YEARS OF AGE
CHILDREN UNDER THREE WANT TO
BREAK IT OUT TO TODDLERS TO TWO
TO TWO AND NINE MONTHS AND THEN
TWO IN TEN MONTHS TO FOUR.
NO, YOU'RE NOT DOING ANYTHING
THAT'S DIFFERENT FOR THOSE
THERE'S NO THERE'S NO
DIFFERENCE FOR THEM WITH THE
APPLICANT.
IS IT OUT THERE SOMEWHERE?
YEAH.
HOW HOW OLD ARE THE KIDS IN
YOUR DAY CARE?
DO THEY GO UP BEYOND AGE FOUR.
NO NO OK NO OK OK SO THE
PROVISIONS APPLY ONLY TO THE
TOILET ROOMS THAT SERVE
CHILDREN UNDER AGE FOUR FOR
ANOTHER I THINK
SO WE HAVE FOUR
MEMBERS PRESENT.
THE PASS IS GOING TO NEED TO BE
POSITIVE ABOUT THE THOSE IN
FAVOR SAY AY AY WAS AGAINST IT
NOT ANY ABSTAINING MOTION
PASSES MIND I HAVE
CLARIFICATION ON ONE ITEM
YOU'RE MY PRINTOUTS OF PAGE
NINETEEN BUT THE PRESCHOOL
BATHROOM THE BATHROOM THAT HAS
TWO TOILETS IN IT AS SHOWN FROM
OUR ARCHITECT AND DESIGNER
SHOWS A PANEL BETWEEN THE TWO
TOILETS.
IS THAT ACCEPTABLE?
IS IS IT'S DRAWN THERE DOES
THAT WORK FOR DAVID
?
>> IT'S EXPERIENCE IT'S DRAWING
NINETEEN THE ONE THAT SAYS AS
SUBMITTED.
>> YES THAT'S THE ONE THE THE
INTENT OF THE MOTION WAS THAT
THE TOILET THE THE THE TOILET
THAT HAS THE DOOR ON IT
THAT
PARTITION WOULD BE FORTY EIGHT
INCHES HIGH AND WE WOULD NOT
NESSUS THAT WOULD NOT NEED A
DOOR.
OH YEAH THAT WAS THE
CLARIFICATION I WANTED TO GET.
THANK SO AS SHOWN THERE CAN BE
FORTY EIGHT.
HI.
>> JUST LIKE THE WALLS OUTSIDE
CORRECT WITH THE IDEA THAT
YOU'D STILL HAVE A DOOR TO THE
OVERALL ENCLOSURE.
OH YES OK WE CAN DO THAT SO YOU
YOU WOULD LIKE TO SEE THAT IN
THE PRESCHOOL AS WELL.
>> ADORE YOU ALL AND ALL
OF THEM OK YEAH OK
REVISED
PLANS FOR THIS STUFF BECAUSE
YOU'RE GOING TO WANT TO SEE THE
REVISED PERMIT THAT YEAH.
DOESN'T NEED.
YEAH REVISIONS WERE REQUESTED
ON THE INITIAL PLAN REVIEW SO
THEY NEED TO SUBMIT THEM WITH
THE APPROVAL.
SO MIKE THEY JUST SUBMITTED
SOME PLANS BUT THAT DID NOT
HAVE THE FORTY EIGHT INCH HIGH
WALLS BECAUSE BEFORE TODAY'S
MEETING THEY WERE NOT APPROVED.
SO I WILL ASK THE ARCHITECT TO
SUBMIT THEM AS YOU HAVE AGREED
TODAY.
OK, THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> OK THANK YOU.
NEXT ITEM ON THE AGENDA IS ALL
BUSINESS AND ALL BUSINESS TO
COME SAID THE PREVIOUS VARIANTS
OF WHAT IS NOT COMING BACK FOR
THE WASHING OR WASHER DRYER IS
NOT COMING BACK AND I'M WORKING
WITH THE CONTRACTOR ON THE TWO
EXISTING EGRESS WINDOWS FROM
LAST MONTH'S WILL SMALL
BUSINESS FOR BUSINESS.
ANYTHING DO WE HAVE A MOTION TO
ADJOURN?
I MOVE TO ADJOURN BACK IN
FAVOR.
I THAT 70